TODO

dd. 7 april 2008
Most issues listed below have been solved.

Major thing to do right now: finish the xsdconvert program


dd. 12 june 2007
- Document the shape= option

dd. 5 march 2007
Found a number of limitations to the parser generated via the
xmlreader program:
+ Comments at the beginning (before the root element) are not
  recognised as such
+ There is no message about the tag that was found
+ No indication of the line number at which an error occurred
- Defining optional elements is tricky: defaults are not enough,
  as there is no indication of what element was filled and
  defining defaults for derived types is awkward (especially
  if they contain derived types as fields)
- There is no facility to create a proper deallocation routine or a
  print/write routine at the moment.
+ If the element contains both attributes and data, the data are
  lost

Found one bug as well:
- The placeholder facility causes incomplete reading routines.

Solving these issues will require a new attribute and an update
of the manual.

(Issues with + have been solved)

Hm, yet another problem: comment in the menu example.
Solution:
   Handle the complete comment element in that case

dd. 26 february 2007
- A checking facility can easily be built using
  the xmlreader program. It would take the same
  input as the xmlreader program but check that
  all elements contain the proper subelements and
  attributes.

dd. 1 july 2006
- Add a better checking facility - balanced open-close
  elements.

dd. 9 june 2006
- Fix a bug regarding the well-formedness of <?xml ...?>
  Done
- Fix an oversight in the xmlreader program: there _must_ be
  a root element
  Done
- Fix a bug regarding the number of data lines _after_ a
  closing tag ... Or is that not a bug?

dd. 5 june 2006
Added this TODO file as an "official" list of things that are to done.

The following functionality should be added:

- In xmlreader: a facility for generating an appropriate writing
  routine.

- In xmlreader: the options globaltype and version number
  and a small settings file to set certain parameters
  separately from the definition of the data structure
  (one parameter: to circumvent an apparent restriction of
  certain compilers vis-a-vis dynamic string length)

- More (realistic) examples

- A more flexible way of storing the character data:
  Allocated arrays and strings of arbitrary length.


Limitations and bugs to be overcome:

- In xmlreader: optional placeholder tags have not been
  implemented yet
  - Decided not to implement that feature. In retrospect
  I see little use for this.

- Not all aspects of XML are yet supported (CDATA and process
  instructions for instance)

- Writing XML files is not well-tested. Add an example
  for this.


Things that probably will never be done:

- XSLT, XPath and the like.
